README.md, before:

# Clam Antivirus plugin for OJS

This plugin scans submission files using [Clam Antivirus](https://www.clamav.net/), blocking files with a known virus signature.

## Requirements

* OJS 3.1.x
* PHP 5.3 or later
* Clam Antivirus
  * To run clamscan
    * You must be able to execute `clamscan --version` with output text indicating the ClamAV version
    * Your version of `clamscan -i --no-summary <filename>` must exit with 1 on virus detection
  * To run clamd
    * The clamd socket must be accessible by Apache

## Installation

Install this as a "generic" plugin in OJS.  To install manually via the filesystem, extract the contents of this archive to a "clamav" directory under "plugins/generic" in your OJS root.  To install via Git submodule, target that same directory path: `git submodule add https://github.com/ulsdevteam/pkp-clamav plugins/generic/clamav` and `git submodule update --init --recursive plugins/generic/clamav`.  Run the upgrade script to register this plugin, e.g.: `php tools/upgrade.php upgrade`.

## Configuration

You must be the site administrator in order to enable or configure this plugin.  Enable this module and provide a path to the `clamscan` executable in the Settings.  A full path name is required. If, instead, you wish to use the clamd daemon, you must have the clam daemon installed and available to Apache. As with clamscan, a full path to the clamd.sock socket is required.

Most users will probably want to use a unix socket connection; in this case, prepend "unix://" to the path. (For example, "unix:///var/run/clamav/clamd.sock") This plugin has not been extensively tested with other socket connections.

Socket connections will operate on a timeout; files that are not scanned in the alloted time will be either allowed through or blocked, depending on the plugin configuration. These options (both listed under the "Advanced" heading) only affect the socket connection for the Clam AV daemon.

## Usage

When uploading a submission file through the Author Submission Steps, or via the Editorial interface, or via the Review process, the submission file will be scanned.  If a virus is detected, the upload will be canceled and warning notification will be displayed.

## Author / License

Written by Clinton Graham for the [University of Pittsburgh](http://www.pitt.edu).  Copyright (c) University of Pittsburgh.

Released under a license of GPL v2 or later.

Commit message:

Update installation and authorship in README

README.md, after:

# Clam Antivirus plugin for OJS

This plugin scans submission files using [Clam Antivirus](https://www.clamav.net/), blocking files with a known virus signature.

## Requirements

* OJS 3.1.x
* PHP 5.3 or later
* Clam Antivirus
  * To run clamscan
    * You must be able to execute `clamscan --version` with output text indicating the ClamAV version
    * Your version of `clamscan -i --no-summary <filename>` must exit with 1 on virus detection
  * To run clamd
    * The clamd socket must be accessible by Apache

## Installation

Install this as a "generic" plugin in OJS.  The preferred installation method is via the Plugin Gallery.  To install manually via the filesystem, extract the contents of this archive to a "clamav" directory under "plugins/generic" in your OJS root.  To install via Git submodule, target that same directory path: `git submodule add https://github.com/ulsdevteam/pkp-clamav plugins/generic/clamav` and `git submodule update --init --recursive plugins/generic/clamav`.  Run the upgrade script to register this plugin, e.g.: `php tools/upgrade.php upgrade`.

## Configuration

You must be the site administrator in order to enable or configure this plugin.  Enable this module and provide a path to the `clamscan` executable in the Settings.  A full path name is required. If, instead, you wish to use the clamd daemon, you must have the clam daemon installed and available to Apache. As with clamscan, a full path to the clamd.sock socket is required.

Most users will probably want to use a unix socket connection; in this case, prepend "unix://" to the path. (For example, "unix:///var/run/clamav/clamd.sock") This plugin has not been extensively tested with other socket connections.

Socket connections will operate on a timeout; files that are not scanned in the alloted time will be either allowed through or blocked, depending on the plugin configuration. These options (both listed under the "Advanced" heading) only affect the socket connection for the Clam AV daemon.

## Usage

When uploading a submission file through the Author Submission Steps, or via the Editorial interface, or via the Review process, the submission file will be scanned.  If a virus is detected, the upload will be canceled and warning notification will be displayed.

## Author / License

Written by Clinton Graham and Alex Wreschnig for the [University of Pittsburgh](http://www.pitt.edu).  Copyright (c) University of Pittsburgh.

Released under a license of GPL v2 or later.
